From Evolution Unleashed I'm here to
help you find new ways to use AI to make
your life and business better and easier
and today I'm going to show you a really
cool prompt we've just added to our
ultimate prompt toolkit which is going
to show you how to create YouTube SEO
optimized titles thumbnails and
descriptions all from a prompt that is
super easy to use and the best part it
will automatically SEO optimize the
description giving you more chances of
being found and growing your channel but
we're going to start with this sort of
sigue into a new tool and then at the
end of the video I'm going to show you
how you can get your hands on all of
this but let's start with a brand new AI
tool that's dropped introducing turbos
scribe why am I here I thought we were
talking YouTube well once you've got
your raw YouTube video you can upload it
to turbos scribe and get a transcription
and here's the really cool thing about
this you can get three files or videos
30 minutes or less per video per day
transcribed for free let's go take a
look at what that looks like so I've
uploaded some of my videos and when you
want to transcribe you can just drop the
video in pick your transcription mode
from Cheetah through to whale which is
the more accurate one and this is
whisper the new open AI product they
launched a couple of months back which
is all about audio and you can also
select the language of the video and you
can have it um do some cool stuff like
recognize speakers take a foreign
language transcribe it to English and if
the audio is damaged or hard to hear
it'll amplify the audio beforehand so it
can get a really good transcription and
voila you can then either export or open
the transcription so why am i showing
you this when we're talking YouTube
optimization
well it's important we tell our prompt
what we are doing so this is a
transcription from a video I'm going to
show you how we use that in a second so
we'll assume we've just copied that then
we're going to go take a look at the
ultimate prompt toolkit I'll tell you
how to get this at the end it's
absolutely free we'll come down to our
table of contents which are hiding here
somewhere and we're going to be looking
at one of our sales and marketing
prompts this is a brand new one YouTube
SEO optimizer
and here's the prompt that we're going
to be using I'd like you to assume the
role of a YouTube expert this is what I
like most about this one specializing in
SEO optimized titles thumbnails
thumbnail text let me show you why it's
important that we SEO optimize and let's
just do a search for how to fix broken
text which you can see I've searched for
before to check this in Dar 3 and one of
my videos comes up right at the top over
10,000 views on a new channel I put this
out last year and it is by far my best
performer because it's solving a problem
and it's AO optimize thanks to this
prompt that we're going through today so
here's the prompt to craft SEO optimized
titles thumbnails and descriptions for
the YouTube video described at the end
of this prompt so I'm showing you that
because there's some placeholders let's
just get back to that here and there's a
placeholder at the bottom so first you
want to give a brief description about
your YouTube channel and then details of
who you're targeting who are your
audience so you just want to put in some
details there so it can align to those
and resonate with them which will help
more people view your video now you can
read through the instructions at your
own time I won't bore you with the
prompt engineering that's gone into this
but at the end you can either describe
your video in your own words or you can
go to turbos
scribe grab this and paste it wh where
did we go paste it into the placeholder
so it's got all of that context now I
like to use
Google's um Pro 1.5 or Gemini 1.5 pro
model because
Google they're the ones that do the SEO
for Google listing if any AI model is
going to be trained on Google's SEO
practices it is probably Gemini so I I
use Gemini this is another free tool
that most people aren't even tapping
into so we want to go to Ai studio.
goole.com and you can get the free
preview which is a freebie and what I
love about it is you have a million
tokens you can turn off all the safety
settings so even if it h hits a warning
it won't stop generating so you got lots
of
control and you can see I've written my
prompt in here now I just upload a
document that has all of the answers so
I don't write in the placeholders
because I use these often but at the end
I threw in just the full transcript
timestamps didn't worry about cleaning
it the good thing about this model it
can handle a lot of this stuff and then
check this out this is the important
part what does it do so it's going to go
through and give you a title stop
writing boring content AI marketing that
actually works
and then it gives me some thumbnail
options AI marketing SEC scenario based
content that converts a split screen
image it'll tell you how to build your
thumbnail if you need help with that but
more importantly it gives you an
optimized description that is going to
be based around the Search terms that
people are most likely going to be
using so you don't need any SEO
experience to run this prompt and it
will still be SEO optimized so it's all
baked in does it all for you because
we're all about making AI easy and
accessible so you can see it's given us
all this
information uh so there it is it tells
you the keywords that it used so you can
check those I get mine to write a
Facebook post as well because I always
announce it on Facebook and then it
gives you a bit of information about why
it's done what it's done and then you
can say well give me five more title
options and it'll give you some new
options and it'll tell you why it likes
them like my secret writing my secret
writing my secret weapon for writing
killer content in it's AI so these are
titles that are designed to resonate
with your target market and it is super
easy so you can just copy when you when
you go to create your YouTube
video you can paste the title paste the
description add any back links I have
those in a separate document I just
paste them in and voila you are done
super easy well I think so so this is
going to accelerate how quickly you can
bring your videos to market in terms of
having to do all that filling stuff out
and secondly it's SEO optimized so
you're going to have more chance of
people finding it down the down the road
if it's relevant to solving their
problem or the information that they're
searching for now I say all that but
search is probably about to change but
hey when that happens I'll be here to
talk you through it so how do you get
your hands on this ultimate prompt
toolkit which has a lot of very cool
powerful prompts in it personal
development a bit of fun content
generators sales and marketing prompts
and these aren't your one or two line
prompts these are professionally
engineered prompts uh so yeah you know
it's a very long document with a lot of
cool prompts and a lot of free
information and to get that I'll drop
this link down in the description you
just want to go to Evolution unleash
tocom you'll come to here we'll give you
this absolutely free just fill in a form
hit the button and boom the ultimate
prompt toolkit with today's you YouTube
SEO optimized prompt
inside and that's it for today's
walkthrough hope you found this useful
if you did I'd appreciate if you could
hit the Subscribe button more than 90%
of you watching my videos don't
subscribe now it cost you nothing so
really helped me out a lot it encouraged
me to keep giving this value if you
don't mind up to you but I'll be back in
the next one with more cool ways to use
AI to move yourself and your business
forward until then peace